Create dropin-starter-template.md (#212)
commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront: _drafts/dropin-starter-template.md

## What are GitHub Templates?

The Drop-in Template repository is a GitHub Template repository. GitHub Templates allow you to create new repositories with the same directory structure, branches, and files as an existing repository. This feature is particularly useful for setting up new projects quickly and consistently.

For more information on GitHub Templates, you can refer to the following resource:
- [How to Use GitHub Repository Templates](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template)

## How to Use the Adobe Commerce Drop-in Template

1. **Navigate to the Template Repository**: Go to https://github.com/adobe-commerce/dropin-template.
2. **Create a New Repository**: Click on the "Use this template" button to create a new repository based on the template. This will generate a new repository with the same directory structure and files as the template.
3. **Clone Your New Repository**: You can now clone the newly created repository to your local machine using `git clone`.

> 4. **Install, Configure, and Launch**: Follow the instructions in your new repo's `README` file to install, configure, and launch your development environment.

Reviewer: **suggestion:** This should probably be more explicit with the actual commands from the README. Also, it's missing the important step of generating the elsie config file.

Author: I kind of purposefully didn't duplicate the content in case it changes. I can be more explicit about the steps though.

That's it! You now have a drop-in application with the same consistency and best practices that Adobe's drop-ins have, built in.

## How to Add Functionality to Your Project

If you've been following the steps in this guide, your new drop-in doesn't actually display any UI yet - let's change that.

## Adding a Shared Component to Your Project

To add a shared component from the Adobe Commerce Storefront SDK to your new project, follow these steps:

> 1. **Install the `@dropins/tools` Package**: Run the following command to install the Storefront SDK package:

Reviewer: **suggestion:** This is the correct package for dropin development. The other one is for storefront

```suggestion
1. **Install the `@adobe-commerce/elsie ` Package**: Run the following command to install the Storefront SDK package:
```

# Getting started with drop-in templates

This guide helps developers and partner agencies quickly create their own drop-in applications by leveraging Adobe Commerce's Drop-in Template repository.

## What are drop-in component templates?

The Drop-in Template repository is a GitHub Template repository. GitHub Templates allow you to create new repositories with the same directory structure, branches, and files as an existing repository. This feature is particularly useful for setting up new projects quickly and consistently.

For more information on GitHub Templates, you can refer to the following resource:
- [How to Use GitHub Repository Templates](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-repository-from-a-template)

## How to Use the Adobe Commerce Drop-in Template

> Note: Supported Node versions are: Maintenance (v20) and Active (v22).

Author: Note: new content added here per https://github.com/commerce-docs/microsite-commerce-storefront/pull/212#issuecomment-2724952629.

> # Using the Adobe Commerce Drop-in Template Repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Getting started with drop-in templates
```

> This guide helps developers and partner agencies quickly create their own drop-in applications by leveraging Adobe Commerce's Drop-in Template repository.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This topic describes how to use the `drop-template` repository to create drop-in components for Adobe Commerce Storefronts.
```

Author: Same question here regarding the term "drop-in components"

> ## What are GitHub Templates?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## What are drop-in component templates?
```

> The Drop-in Template repository is a GitHub Template repository. GitHub Templates allow you to create new repositories with the same directory structure, branches, and files as an existing repository. This feature is particularly useful for setting up new projects quickly and consistently.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Drop-in templates are GitHub Templates that allow you to quickly create drop-in components with the same structure, branches, files, and best practices built-in. The `dropin-template` repository provides the starting point for creating new drop-ins quickly and consistently.
```

Author: Is "drop-in components" correct here? 

We have drop-in applications ("drop-ins") and then those applications have UI components in them, which I would call "drop-in components". 

I'm trying to refer to the application, not a UI component. Do we call the applications "drop-in components" elsewhere?

1. **Install the `@adobe-commerce/elsie ` Package**: Run the following command to install the Storefront SDK package:
   ```bash
   npm install @adobe-commerce/elsie
   ```

2. **Generate a Container**: Run the following command to generate a Container component:
   ```bash
   npx elsie generate container --pathname <MyContainer>
   ```

3. **Generate a UI Component**: Run the following command to generate a UI component:
   ```bash
   npx elsie generate component --pathname <myUIComponent>
   ```

4. **Use a Component from the SDK**: In your generated UI component, import a shared component from the Storefront SDK package and render it. For example, the `Button` component:
   ```javascript
   import { Button } from '@adobe-commerce/elsie';
   
   function MyUiComponent() {
     return (
       <div>
         <Button label="Click Me" />
       </div>
     );
   }
   ```

5. **Add your Component to your Container**: Add your component to the container created in step 2.

6. **Render the Container**: Update your sandbox environment to render your container in `examples/html-host/index.html`.

> ## Conclusion

Reviewer 2: I would remove the Conclusion section. It doesn't provide any more information. And we'll provide a general support area with links somewhere else in the docs.
